Document the Google Drive folder (#119)
keptn/community: project-infrastructure/google-drive.md

# Google Drive for Keptn

We have a [public Google Drive folder](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1A2WWdz2MjAc6echj_uqrSbr8Um_CwrhH?usp=sharing)
for community content: Documents, Slides, Google Forms, Spreadsheets, photos, etc.
All documents on this Google Drive are publicly accessible for commenting by anyone on the internet.

At the moment the folder is hosted on the Keptn Gmail account, `keptnproject at gmail.com`.
It might be moved over to another account in the future.

## Prvivate folders

It's possible to create restricted folders and documents on this Google Drive too.
Private folders are not advised for non-sensitive content,
but they may be created if there is a reason for that.
Same for the documents with disabled comments.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To restrict privileges for a document,
open the document and select **Share**
then select **Change** on the lower left of the pop-up.
You can modify who can access the doc and what sort of access they have by default.

```

## Getting write access

All Keptn contributors and community members can get access.
Ask in `#keptn-project` or submit a ticket in this repository with a justification.

> You will also need to provide email of a Google or Google Workspace compatible account so that the 

Reviewer: need to complete the sentence ;-)

Author: ```suggestion
You will also need to provide email of a Google or Google Workspace compatible account so that 
we could grant you access.
```
